A case.
Now let's talk about relationships.
So when we talk about relationships in a database we mean the link between tables within that database.
So the whole point of a relational database is that the tables can be joined together and as related
columns between the tables and these tables are related through primary and foreign keys which we've
already looked.
So in our coffee store database we had a relationship between the customer and the orders table and
a relationship between the products and the Orders table.
So this is what we mean when we're talking about relationships in a database.
And there are three different types of relationships as a one to one relationship as a one to many relationship.
And then finally there's a many to many relationship and we're going to discuss each one in the next
three videos.